add user management functions to set password and expire password (#195)
descope/node-sdk: README.md

});
```

#### Set or Expire User Password

You can set or expire a user's password.

> Note: When setting a password, it will be initially set as expired.
> The user could not log-in an expired password, and must replace it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: When setting a password, it will automatically be set as expired.
The user will not be able log-in using an expired password, and will be required replace it.
```
